Tms update (#526)
CesiumGS/cesium-native: CHANGES.md

# Change Log

### ? - ? 

### v0.18.0 - 2022-08-01

##### Fixes :wrench:
- Support the "local" profile when the SRS is mercator or geodetic.

> - Enable loading TMS URLs that do not have an "xmlresource.xml" file, such as from GeoServer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable loading Tile Map Service (TMS) URLs that do not have a file named "tilemapresource.xml", such as from GeoServer.
```
